docs: updates menuTarget prop usage docs (#19246)
carbon-design-system/carbon: packages/react/src/components/MenuButton/MenuButton.mdx

Pass the `menuTarget` prop to render the `Menu` inside the modal or any specific
element where you want it to render:

> ## menuTarget Prop usage with React refs
> When using `menuTarget` with a React ref, you need to use state to capture the ref value.
> This is because React doesn't detect changes to `ref.current` properties for prop updates:
> ```jsx
> // usage
> const containerRef = useRef(null);
> const [target, setTarget] = useState(null);
> useEffect(() => {
>   if (containerRef.current) {
>     setTarget(containerRef.current);
>   }
> }, []);
> <div ref={containerRef}>
>   <MenuButton label="Actions" menuTarget={target}>
>     <MenuItem label="First action" />
>   </MenuButton>
> </div>
> 
> ```

Reviewer: Suggestion to format this doc, fix the code snippet (missing `return`), and convert the code snippet to a valid TypeScript component so it's easier to copy and paste code:

```suggestion
## Managing the `menuTarget` prop with React refs

Because React does not trigger re-renders when a ref's `.current` value changes,
you must capture the ref value in state to update the `menuTarget` prop.

```tsx
const Component = () => {
  const containerRef = useRef<HTMLDivElement>(null);
  const [target, setTarget] = useState<HTMLDivElement | undefined>(undefined);

  useEffect(() => {
    if (containerRef.current) {
      setTarget(containerRef.current);
    }
  }, []);

  return (
    <div ref={containerRef}>
      <MenuButton label="Actions" menuTarget={target}>
        <MenuItem label="First action" />
      </MenuButton>
    </div>
  );
};
```
```

Author: Makes sense, thanks for the suggestion
